“If Monday had a face, I’d punch it.”
“Monday should be optional.”
“Good morning. Keep calm and pretend it’s not Monday.”
“Yay, Monday!” Said no one… Ever”
“Monday is a basic bitch.”
“Mondays take a little more coffee and a lot more mascara.”
“Monday: nothing a bit of shopping can’t fix.”
“May your coffee be strong and your Monday productive.”
“Dear Monday, my mama don’t like you and she likes everyone.”
“This is the mondayest Monday that ever mondayed.”
“I whisper “What the fuck?” to myself at least 20 times a day on Monday”
“Maybe Monday doesn’t like you either.”
“Less Monday, more summer.”
“Even though it’s Monday act like it’s Saturday”
“Monday I shall slay thee with me mighty cup of coffee.”
“Monday? I swear it was Friday like five minutes ago.”
“Monday checklist: coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee.”
“Too much Monday, not enough coffee.”
“Dear Monday, I want to break up. I’m seeing Tuesday and dreaming about Friday. It’s not me, it’s you.”
“When life gives you Monday, dip it in glitter and sparkle all day.”
“I hate mornings, and Mondays. And working. But other than that I am entirely happy.”
“Monday is the perfect day to correct last week’s mistakes.”
“Dear Monday. I think you should take a holiday! Trust me. No one will miss you!”
“Monday?! But, I wasn’t even finished with Saturday yet…”
“I’m hiding from Monday I know it’s close by.”
“Monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life!”
“Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear… ‘Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.”
“On Sunday nights, if you listen closely- you can hear Monday taunting you with the “Jaws” theme.”
“Thank God, it’s Monday”
“Happy Monday. Wait, better yet, happy only four days until Friday.”
“It’s Monday but keep smiling.”
“Monday must be a man, it comes too quickly.”
“God gave us Mondays to punish us for the things we did over the weekend.”
“Don’t let the word Monday scare you, do something awesome”
“It’s Monday, perfect time to reboot your mind and have a fresh start.”
“Due to lack of interest .Monday has been cancelled.”
“Shortest horror story: Monday.”
“I just don’t think there will be enough coffee or middle fingers for this Monday!”
“If each day is a gift I would like to know where I can return Mondays.”
“Alright Monday what kind of bullshit you got for me this time.”
“Monday is one of my favorite days of the week. My 7th favorite.”
“Hello, Monday. May I ask you a question? Why are you always back so quickly? Don’t you have a hobby?”
“I can see smoke on the horizon. God, I hope it’s rest of Monday burning to the ground”
“This should be the spirit every Mondays. Know that something good will always happen.”
“Monday is great if I can spend it in bed. I’m a man of simple pleasures, really.” – Arthur Darvill
“Monday is like a math problem. Add the irritation, subtract the sleep, multiply the problems, divide the happiness.”
“Dear radio stations, please do not play Katy Perry’s “Friday Night” Monday morning at 8 AM during my drive to work.”
“Monday is just a reminder that the weekend has past and there are only a few more days before another weekend gets here.”
“Freak out cause it’s Monday again.”
“Today is Monday, and that’s reason enough for me to hate it.”
“There should be a holiday dedicated to all the brave people who show up to work on Mondays.”
“I can always tell how good my weekend was by how many pictures I have to untag on “I must break the routines and become a person who becomes productive every Monday. I must break the mindset of unhappiness and turn myself into a happy magnet for Mondays.” – Leggy Saul
“Mondays are a lot like getting fat. They make you feel sad, sometimes angry and there is not much scope for liking either fat or Mondays for any reason.” – Garry Moll
“Things I don’t like: 1) Probably you. 2) Cold coffee. 3) Small talk. 4) Mondays. 5) Having small talk with you on a Monday while my coffee is getting cold.”